which are four years and has played on
the ITF score as well but currently with
the top players in the a division here
in the usta a delicious he also play in
a regular League an able-bodied week on
in his County Columbia his he went to
state and national championship four
years and he was a wheelchair player on
the team and a captain on his team he
plays an antibody llegan the only
difference there he gets two bounces but
the first time is muscling in the court
and the second does not and does
now you deserve it this anymore
latino
right huh
pretty busy
pretty
Oh
great game great game crapton and sarah
score is 11 once again wheelchair tennis
an excellent sport there is a wheelchair
tennis tour it goes on all year round
international tour we have one of the
ITF wheelchair tennis events here in
South Carolina hilton head island in
September
love the team
Great Scott Diane and that's why she's
never on in the world
oh right you spin there by Sarah 1530
beautiful shot
beautiful angle Diane that there's a net
30 40
the gorge
great night all right later here the
lefty wants to give it a shot too
yes he's hitting the spectators watch
out imagines up there just hitting every
ball coming to her there we go manda
equity ah don't reach bush yeah I gotta
push come on all right buddy I'm sure
how to do it all right come on in terry
Kerry Weaver from goose creek right down
the street here
Terry's an excellent player did